xterm*background: black
xterm*foreground: green
xterm*eightBitInput: false
xterm*eightBitOutput: true
xterm*cursorUnderLine: true
xterm*cursorColor: red
xterm*cursorBlink: true
! Basic appearance settings
xterm*background: black
xterm*foreground: green
xterm*eightBitInput: false
xterm*eightBitOutput: true
xterm*cursorUnderLine: true
xterm*cursorColor: red
xterm*cursorBlink: true

! Font configuration
xterm*faceName: DejaVu Sans Mono
xterm*faceSize: 12
xterm*renderFont: true
xterm*allowBoldFonts: true

! Enable UTF-8
xterm*locale: true
xterm*utf8: 1

! Scroll configuration
xterm*saveLines: 4096
xterm*scrollBar: true
xterm*rightScrollBar: true

! Enable copy/paste and other modern features
xterm*selectToClipboard: true
xterm*trimSelection: true
xterm*highlightSelection: true

! Key bindings for font size control
! Ctrl + Plus (+) to increase font size
xterm*VT100.Translations: #override \n\
    Ctrl <Key> plus: larger-vt-font() \n\
    Ctrl <Key> minus: smaller-vt-font() \n\
    Ctrl <Key> 0: set-vt-font(d) \n\
    Ctrl Shift <Key>C: copy-selection(CLIPBOARD) \n\
    Ctrl Shift <Key>V: insert-selection(CLIPBOARD)

! Window size in characters
xterm*VT100*geometry: 80x24

! Color theme
xterm*color0: rgb:0/0/0
xterm*color1: rgb:a8/00/00
xterm*color2: rgb:00/a8/00
xterm*color3: rgb:a8/54/00
xterm*color4: rgb:00/00/a8
xterm*color5: rgb:a8/00/a8
xterm*color6: rgb:00/a8/a8
xterm*color7: rgb:a8/a8/a8
xterm*color8: rgb:54/54/54
xterm*color9: rgb:fc/54/54
xterm*color10: rgb:54/fc/54
xterm*color11: rgb:fc/fc/54
xterm*color12: rgb:54/54/fc
xterm*color13: rgb:fc/54/fc
xterm*color14: rgb:54/fc/fc
xterm*color15: rgb:fc/fc/fc